{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Consolas;}}
\fs24
\b LedgerLand Product Owner Report\b0\par
Assessment date: 2026-04-16\par
\par
\b 1. Product Readiness Snapshot\b0\par
- Overall status: Near-ready for controlled pilot.\par
- Product alignment: Strong alignment with MVP goals.\par
- Readiness score: 8.2 / 10\par
- Key blockers before broader release: frontend test automation, API hardening, documentation alignment.\par
\par
\b 2. Feature Completeness\b0\par
\b Complete\b0\par
- CNIC signup/login/session\par
- Parcel search, detail, ownership history, disputed state\par
- Transfer flow: initiate, buyer approve, NADRA simulate success/fail\par
- User transfer listing (auto shown via my transfers)\par
- Admin parcel create/list/dispute update\par
- Judge/court read API\par
- Document upload/download and ownership certificate PDF\par
- Mongo + blockchain auditability\par
\par
\b Partial / Needs Enhancement\b0\par
- Production security hardening (rate limit, security headers)\par
- Scalability features (pagination for large lists)\par
- Frontend automated tests\par
- Judge provisioning lifecycle for production operations\par
\par
\b 3. Acceptance Criteria Status\b0\par
- Citizens can register and login with CNIC: Passed\par
- Search no filters returns explicit no-record message: Passed\par
- Parcel detail includes full history and disputed flag: Passed\par
- Transfer only by current owner with NADRA simulation: Passed\par
- Buyer approval gate before completion: Passed\par
- Fard/registry/PDF downloads available: Passed\par
- Admin can manage parcel records: Passed\par
- Judge can read court APIs: Passed\par
- Transfers visible without manual DB ID entry: Passed\par
- Ownership visible directly without entering CNIC: Passed\par
\par
\b 4. Business Workflow Summary\b0\par
\b Citizen journey\b0\par
1. Signup/login with CNIC\par
2. Search and inspect parcels\par
3. Initiate transfer if current owner\par
4. Buyer approves transfer\par
5. NADRA simulation finalizes ownership and blockchain record\par
\par
\b Admin journey\b0\par
1. Create parcel records\par
2. Seed/update documents\par
3. Mark disputed/clear disputed\par
4. Monitor records and audit trails\par
\par
\b Judge journey\b0\par
1. Access authenticated court search/detail\par
2. Download legal documents\par
3. Review blockchain audit trail\par
\par
\b 5. Quality and Risk Assessment\b0\par
\b Strengths\b0\par
- Strong backend test coverage and clear service architecture\par
- Robust RBAC for sensitive data visibility\par
- Clear transfer lifecycle validation and guardrails\par
\par
\b Risks\b0\par
- No frontend automated tests may allow UI regressions\par
- Public exposure risk without API hardening middleware\par
- Performance and usability risk on large datasets without pagination\par
\par
\b 6. Priority Backlog (PO View)\b0\par
\b P1\b0\par
1. Add frontend test suite for critical user journeys.\par
2. Add API hardening: rate limits, security headers, payload protection.\par
\par
\b P2\b0\par
1. Add pagination/filter metadata for parcel/transfer/block list endpoints.\par
2. Add structured telemetry around transfer success/failure and upload/download failures.\par
3. Define secure judge provisioning flow beyond environment bootstrap.\par
\par
\b P3\b0\par
1. Update user-facing and engineering docs to match current product behavior.\par
\par
\b 7. Go/No-Go Recommendation\b0\par
- Go for internal demos and controlled pilot.\par
- Conditional go for wider pilot after P1 backlog completion.\par
- Not recommended for public internet exposure until hardening is complete.\par
\par
\b End of Report\b0\par
}
