{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Consolas;}}
\fs24
\b LedgerLand Full Project Report\b0\par
Assessment date: 2026-04-16\par
\par
\b 1. Executive Summary\b0\par
LedgerLand is a full-stack land registry MVP built with React (frontend), Express plus MongoDB (backend), and a Solidity append-only ledger (Hardhat + ethers). The product supports CNIC-based authentication, parcel search/detail, document uploads/downloads, ownership certificates, transfer lifecycle with NADRA simulation, admin operations, judge/court read APIs, and audit trails in both MongoDB and blockchain records.\par
\par
\b 2. Architecture Overview\b0\par
- Frontend: React + TypeScript + Vite + React Router, role-aware routing and dashboards.\par
- Backend: Express + TypeScript + Mongoose + JWT + file handling with multer/pdfkit.\par
- Blockchain: Solidity LandLedger contract with ethers adapter for append/read operations.\par
- Integration flow: Frontend calls /api routes, backend persists to MongoDB and appends critical records to chain.\par
\par
\b 3. Core Backend Modules\b0\par
- App bootstrap and composition: src/index.ts, src/app.ts\par
- Auth: src/auth/authService.ts, src/auth/authRoutes.ts, src/auth/authMiddleware.ts\par
- Domain models: src/models/User.ts, Parcel.ts, Transfer.ts, AuditLog.ts\par
- Services: parcelService.ts, transferService.ts, documentService.ts, auditService.ts, notificationService.ts\par
- Routes: auth, parcels, citizen parcels, court, transfers, admin, blockchain\par
\par
\b 4. Data Model Summary\b0\par
\b User\b0: id, cnic, email, passwordHash, fullName, role(citizen/admin/judge), createdAt\par
\b Parcel\b0: id, district/moza/plotNumber/khasra, currentOwnerCnic, disputed, ownershipHistory, fard/registry/mutation paths, timestamps\par
\b Transfer\b0: transferId, parcelId, sellerCnic, buyerCnic, status(pending_nadra/completed/cancelled/nadra_failed), buyerApprovedAt, completedAt, transactionHash\par
\b AuditLog\b0: action, actorUserId, actorCnic, recordedAt, metadata\par
\par
\b 5. Security and RBAC\b0\par
- JWT required for protected routes.\par
- Optional auth middleware enables anonymous parcel read with redaction.\par
- Parcel-sensitive RBAC: unauthorized users see owner CNIC and names redacted.\par
- ownerCnic search filter is role-gated: anonymous blocked, citizen limited to own CNIC, admin/judge unrestricted.\par
- Judge is read-only for parcel uploads; owner-or-admin upload policy enforced.\par
\par
\b 6. Functional Workflows\b0\par
\b 6.1 Authentication\b0\par
- Signup with CNIC + password + fullName.\par
- Login returns JWT token and public user profile.\par
- Me endpoint rehydrates current session state.\par
\par
\b 6.2 Parcel Lifecycle\b0\par
- Admin creates parcel with optional initial documents.\par
- Search supports district/moza/plot/owner filters (AND semantics).\par
- Parcel detail shows ownership history and dispute state with RBAC projection.\par
- Admin can toggle disputed flag.\par
\par
\b 6.3 Transfer Lifecycle\b0\par
- Only current owner can initiate transfer.\par
- Buyer approval required before NADRA simulation.\par
- simulate-nadra verified=true: writes LAND_TRANSFER on-chain, updates owner/history in MongoDB.\par
- simulate-nadra verified=false: marks nadra_failed, no owner change, no chain transfer write.\par
- User transfer list endpoint available at GET /api/transfers/my.\par
\par
\b 6.4 Documents and Certificates\b0\par
- Upload kinds: fard, registry, mutation via JSON or multipart route.\par
- Downloads require entitlement and JWT for sensitive docs.\par
- Ownership certificate generated as PDF from parcel view.\par
\par
\b 6.5 Blockchain and Audit\b0\par
- Blockchain summary and record listing routes available.\par
- Generic append endpoint wraps payload with actor metadata.\par
- Audit service records login, transfer milestones, admin updates, and document uploads.\par
\par
\b 7. Frontend UX and Routing\b0\par
- Global Navbar and protected routes are active.\par
- RoleGuard enforces admin/citizen-specific screens.\par
- Dashboard shows role-aware actions and total record cards.\par
- My Transfers now auto-loads user-linked transfers and supports client-side transferId filtering.\par
- Verify Ownership page now supports direct parcelId lookup for immediate ownership visibility.\par
\par
\b 8. Testing and Quality\b0\par
- Backend has strong automated test coverage:\par
  - Acceptance tests for interview criteria\par
  - Extended feature tests\par
  - Parcel RBAC tests\par
  - Auth service tests\par
  - Core API integration tests\par
  - Ledger adapter tests\par
- Frontend currently has no automated tests (primary quality gap).\par
\par
\b 9. Strengths\b0\par
- Clear service boundaries and maintainable architecture.\par
- Strong RBAC implementation for sensitive parcel data.\par
- Good domain test coverage on backend.\par
- Practical blockchain integration for immutable event traceability.\par
\par
\b 10. Gaps and Risks\b0\par
- Frontend regression risk due to missing test suite.\par
- Production hardening gaps: no explicit rate limiting/security headers/pagination strategy.\par
- Judge provisioning currently environment-variable based only.\par
- Frontend README is generic Vite template and not product-specific.\par
\par
\b 11. Recommendations\b0\par
1. Add frontend automated tests for auth, transfers, parcel detail, and admin flows.\par
2. Add API hardening middleware: rate limiting, security headers, request-size controls.\par
3. Add pagination to parcels, transfers, and blockchain list endpoints.\par
4. Implement secure admin-managed judge provisioning flow.\par
5. Update frontend README and release documentation for current behavior.\par
\par
\b End of Report\b0\par
}
